Are you a giver, a taker, or a matcher? Are there areas in your life where you act like one type, and other areas where you act like another?
Are you happy with your diet? Are you getting enough exercise?
Are you more similar to your mother or your father? Why?
Assuming you were in the position to do so, would you launch nuclear weapons under any circumstances?
Can you and your partner really talk together?
Complete this sentence: I wish I had someone with whom I could share _______.
Complete this sentence: If you really knew me, you would know that _______.
Complete this sentence: My life would be perfect if I could just _______.
Cutest animal? Ugliest animal?
Do spelling and grammar mistakes annoy you?
Do you believe in free will?
Do you prefer the people in your life to be simple or complex?
Do you think gambling should be legal? Why or why not?
Do you think long-term monogamy between two people is possible?
Do you want to lose weight or accept yourself as-is?
Forget how old you are. How old do you feel? What age would you return to?
Have you ever been sent to jail or prison? If not, what illegal things have you gotten away with?
Have you ever traveled around another country alone?
How and when do you think humanity will end?
How are you a different person this year than last year?
How are you sleeping these days?
How did the place you grew up impact you?
How different is your job today from what you wanted to do as a kid?
How do you differ from the average person? Why?
How do you get yourself out of a bad mood?
How do you really feel about your mom? Your dad? Your partner? Each of your children?
How do you want to die? Why?
How has your race or gender impacted your life?
How has your weight or height affected your life?
How have you been intentionally mean, spiteful or vengeful? Why?
How have your beliefs about life after death changed over time?
How much money do you make? Do you deserve it?
How open-minded are you? Give an example of when you’ve changed your mind.
How would your parents describe you?
If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know?
If a family member murdered someone, would you report them to the police?
If a genie granted you three wishes right now, what would you wish for?
If someone gave you enough money to start a business – no strings attached – what kind of business would you want to start and why?
If you could be remembered for one thing, what would it be and why?
If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be?
If you could do any job in the world, what would it be and why?
If you could do anything you wanted tonight (anywhere, for any amount of money), what would you do and why?
If you could do away with one societal norm, which would it be?
If you could enter a time machine, what time period would you go to?
If you could erase one past experience, what would it be?
If you could go back in time, what’s one piece of advice you’d give to your younger self?
If you could go back to any part of your life and start re-living again, would you? What part? How would you live things differently?
If you could have any job you wanted, what would you choose?
If you could instantly receive a Ph.D. in any discipline including all the knowledge and experience that goes along with it, what would your Ph.D. be in?
If you could know the absolute and total truth to one question, what question would you ask?
If you could live in any political/economic system (real or theoretical), which would you choose?
If you could magically grow one new skill overnight to a near-mastery level, what would it be?
If you could make one consequence-free decision, what would it be?
If you could pick one age to be for the rest of your life, which age and why?
If you could receive any gift, what would it be?
If you could relive one moment from the last two years, which moment would it be?
If you could solve one problem in the world, which would it be?
If you could start your career over, what profession would you choose? Why?
If you could take a year-long paid sabbatical, what would you do?
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one ability, what would it be?
If you did not sleep, how would you spend the extra eight hours a day?
If you died tonight, what would you most regret not having told someone?
If you had $100,000 to give away to any cause, which cause would you choose and why?
If you had a magic red button in front of you, that if you pressed it would make your biggest life problem disappear, would you press it?
If you had only one week to live, what are three things you would do?
If you had the choice, would you rather have been born male or female, and why?
If you had to change one big decision you’ve made, which would it be? Why?
If you had to make certain thoughts illegal, what thoughts would you make illegal?
If you had to pick the character from any book, movie, or TV show who is most similar to you, who would you choose? Why?
If you have a sibling, how are you different from each other?
If you have siblings, who do your parents love the most and why?
If you knew you would die suddenly in exactly one year, would you change anything about the way you are living now?
If you woke up tomorrow and you no longer had the biggest problem in your life, what would your life be like? How would you know your problem was gone?
If your 17-year-old self could see you now, what about the "current you" would be most impressive and most disappointing?
Imagine that everyone who knows you well is in a room. What’s the most important negative thing those people would agree is true about you? Can you and do you want to improve on that?
Imagine that everyone who knows you well is in a room. You aren’t there and they know you’ll never find out what they said. What’s the most important positive thing they’d agree was true about you? How might you build on that strength?
In 10 years, how would you like to describe your life?
In what ways are you "old fashioned"?
In what ways would you like your next decade to be different from your previous one? Is there anything you want to do now to help make that happen?
Is the world becoming a worse place or a better place to live? Why?
Is there anyone who you feel really understands you and is close to you?
Is there someone you should spend less time with?
Is there someone you should spend more time with?
Is there something that you’ve dreamed of doing for a long time? Why haven’t you done it?
On a scale of 0-10, how content are you with your life?
Should you have a child?
What absolutely excites you right now?
What activity do you know makes you feel unhappy but you still do anyway? Why do you do it?
What amazing adventures have you been on?
What annoys you most about people?
What are the five most important things on your bucket list?
What are the most important relationships in your life?
What are the things or people in your life that are causing problems for you?
What are the ways that you’re wasting your life?
What are three things that happened in the last week that you’re thankful for?
What are you embarrassed about?
What are you most grateful for?
What are you most self-conscious about?
What are your biggest goals for this year?
What are your irrational fears? Have they prevented you from doing things?
What choice do you have about what happens in your life?
What compliment do you get most often?
What compliment do you wish people would give you?
What compliment do you wish someone would give you?
What did you do at recess in 3rd grade?
What do you dislike most about where you live currently? Why?
What do you fear more: climate change or AI?
What do you like most and least about your own appearance?
What do you miss about being a kid?
What do you miss about life 10 or 20 years ago?
What do you think about people with opposite political views from you? Why do you think they think that way?
What do you think happens when you die?
What do you think would be the hardest thing for you to give up? Why would it be hard to lose?
What do you value more, intelligence or common sense?
What do you value most in a friendship?
What do you want your legacy to be?
What drives you to work hard? Where does your motivation come from?
What energizes you and makes you feel more upbeat?
What experience have you had that made you a more compassionate person?
What fills up your heart to bursting level?
What gives you energy?
What happened in your last nightmare?
What hobby most interests you that you haven’t done or can’t do? Why does it interest you and why can’t you do it?
What human emotion do you fear the most?
What is the meaning of life?
What is your life story? Describe it in 1 minute, with as many details as possible.
What life experience made you grow the most?
What makes a "perfect" day for you?
What makes someone attractive to you? Rate your own attractiveness on this scale.
What negative emotion do you feel most often?
What opinions do you share with an opposing political party or ideology?
What personality trait are you most proud of?
What personality trait do you have that annoys a friend or coworker?
What personality trait do you most want to change? Why?
What place or part of the world do you want to see most? Why?
What recurring dream stands out in your mind?
What risks or opportunities do you regret not taking?
What role has religion played in your life? Would you change it if you could?
What romantic gesture would you be really excited about? Has it ever happened?
What was the first thing you bought with your own money?
What was the last lie you told? Would you do it again?
What was the lowlight and highlight of your week?
What would be a dealbreaker when it comes to dating someone?
What would be in your web history that you’d be embarrassed if someone saw?
What would be the best city to live in?
What would give your life more meaning?
What would you be willing to die for?
What would you do if you did not have to work for money?
What would your perfect morning be like?
What wrongs have been done to you that you haven’t forgiven?
What, if anything, is too serious to be joked about?
What’s a belief you had as a child that you no longer have?
What’s a challenge you’ve been having at work or school?
What’s a relationship issue you’re having?
What’s a secret you’ve never told anyone before?
What’s an area in your life that you just feel really stuck with?
What’s an embarrassing thing someone else has caught you doing?
What’s expensive but totally worth it?
What’s getting worse as you get older? What’s getting better as you get older?
What’s one habit you want to start, and one habit you want to stop?
What’s one thing that you’d never tell your parents?
What’s one thing you wanted to do this year that you haven’t done yet? Why?
What’s something about yourself that you wouldn’t mention on a first date?
What’s something that used to scare you, but no longer does?
What’s something you are much better at than other people?
What’s something you believe that most people don’t?
What’s something you bought recently that you regret? Why?
What’s something you think you do more or less than other people?
What’s something you want to do in the next year that you’ve never done before?
What’s something you wasted tons of your life on that may not have been the best use of time in hindsight?
What’s something you were scared of once, but no longer are?
What’s something you’re afraid is true about yourself?
What’s something you’ve learned about yourself recently?
What’s the best date you have ever planned?
What’s the best gift anyone ever gave you?
What’s the biggest challenge you’re facing right now?
What’s the biggest lie you’ve told without getting caught?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever done and would you do it again?
What’s the greatest lesson you have learned from one of your enemies?
What’s the most important thing I should know about you?
What’s the most memorable random act of kindness you ever experienced?
What’s the most significant relationship you have cultivated while on a bus, plane, or train? How and why did it come about? If none, why?
What’s the most spontaneous thing you’ve done?
What’s the most touching/inspiring gift you ever gave someone?
What’s the nicest compliment you have ever received?
What’s the purpose of your life?
What’s the question you’re most afraid to be asked?
What’s the silliest fear you have?
What’s the strangest thing about where you grew up?
What’s the worst advice someone has given you?
What’s the worst thing a person can do that isn’t illegal?
What’s your best guess as to how old you’ll be when you retire?
What’s your earliest memory?
What’s your favorite family tradition?
What’s your favorite quote?
What’s your guilty pleasure?
What’s your most terrible memory?
What’s your most treasured memory?
What’s your story?
When did you feel most judged?
When did you last cry in front of another person?
When did you last hurt someone emotionally? What were the circumstances?
When have you been most unhappy/depressed? What caused it and how did it end?
When in your life have you been the happiest?
When was the first time you realized your parents were human?
When was the last time there was a significant disagreement in the family and what were the circumstances?
When was the last time you asked for help?
When was the last time you felt joy? What caused it?
When was the last time you felt out of control?
When was the last time you were embarrassed? What caused it?
When were you last outside of your comfort zone?
When’s the first time you felt truly content?
When’s the last time someone’s actions really surprised you?
When’s the last time you failed spectacularly at something?
When’s the last time you were flat-out rejected and how did you handle it?
Where was your favorite place to go as a child and why did you love it there?
Where’s the strangest place you’ve ever been?
Which of your parents do you feel has influenced you more? How so?
Who are you? Answer in one sentence.
Who besides your parents taught you the most about life?
Who changed your life most?
Who do you argue with most? Why?
Who do you like more, your mother or your father? Why?
Who is the kindest person you know?
Who is the most fascinating person you’ve met?
Who is the one person from your childhood you wish you could give credit to?
Who is your closest friend that you don’t talk to any more? Why don’t you talk to them?
Who’s someone you really admire?
Would you like to be famous? In what way?
Would you rather be a broke 17-year-old or a 60-year-old billionaire? Why?
Would you rather be able to detect any lie you hear, or get away with any lie you tell?
Would you rather find true love or win the lottery?
Would you rather live full time in an RV or full time on a sailboat? Why?
Wouldn’t it be fun to chuck it all and go live on a sailboat?
You have your own island and get to make the first law. What will it be?
You’re on a team. What compliments do you get about how you behave?
