Because Chrome doesn't respect any form of nobr/no-wrap that I have found, and since it is still very important to keep checkboxes together with their labels, the voting checkboxes now appear as one vertical column in older browsers such as NN3.  We make this offering to the glorious <table>, <tr>, and <td> tags, and we do it gladly. May they live a good life, and may careless browser devs (Lord forgive them) never find a reason to meddle with their implementations. May their parsing be smooth and joyous, may their rows and columns as straight as possible under the  given circumstances, and may their borders always be beveled by default.

Consider https://dkg.fifthhorseman.net/notes/inline-pgp-harmful/

Work on installer; Should be easy to install.

Edit button on item pages
	(o) Post new copy item
	(o) Remove current item (requires signature same as current item)
	
Replace non-ASCII characters with ANSI boxes

Make item page sections into detail expandos

JS-less reply form: type in the item ID you're replying to

Allow keygen and signing with OpenPGP.js, but tag it as insecure

Play a joke on Z button users -- keep the original text and use that instead

Clear the unclaimed votes every X hours/days

Only use unclaimed votes in queue (wild west) section

Use confirmed/claimed votes for sorting

More than one key can confirm each vote, and confirmed count rises

By setting the vote tags we target the audience/voters' efforts

Add basic watch for any scripts returning "error"

Make sure "response" pages are not cached (make webserver send a header)

"Style mode" vs "Switch to accessibility mode"

Is it safe to use server-side includes?

Timer: This post will be removed in X day, unless it is given a positive vote

Section: Soon to expire posts

Next item/ Prev item links on every page

"Delete" section, sorted by different criteria

config/auto_delete using
	using all votes
	using only signed votes
	using only admin rights, aka rm txt

Once 9000 posts reached, different options to clone on Add page:
	Best
	Smartest
	etc
	Include only best 5-25% to seed the next one

[x] Encourage editing instead of replying
	- Fill in the reply form with the current post's text
	- Change caption of submit button

Home page contents:
	Instead of latest posts, just a form to submit your public key
	Create symlink for that key, and post encrypted message

Sort tags randomly at first, but allow alphabetizing

How to do preferences???
	Server-side includes and per-user settings via access.log?

Fade pages with more views to make them look more read

How to detect that a particular browser has trouble browsing the site? Dropped connections? No clickthroughs?

Pop up a new node
	Upser uploads tor private key
	Append it to torrc
	Read hostname from /var/lib/tor
	Add to links list
	
NoScript button
	
