If something is already signed, don't re-sign it again
(Write page)

Hide voting, weight-setting, and other messages from home page
	Add an /all page that displays a feed of everything

In reply box, if >> line goes missing, replace it somehow without annoying the user.

When private key is pasted into [restore] textarea,
	automatically check it for presence of private key
		restore if it validates

Make access.pl make a new text file instead of adding to votes.log

Ensure caches are deleted when a vote occurs

Merge vote and reply forms
	With JS, make the checkboxes appear/disappear inside the textbox as addvote/ lines

Add a message that appears the first time someone is posting something, like on HN

[Admin] has assigned a weight of [100] to [ABC]
abc can assign a weight of up to 100 to anyone else?

When listing replies, we can strip the >parenthash part from replies
	while leaving it in the detail view for that comment

Entertaining stats page
	top voter + top tags = top tags by voter
	top voters
	top used tags
		add to profile page
	number of voters
	number of vote records
	busiest days?

Read profile from user submission
	Decide on syntax
	Receive submission
	Replace into /author/abc/profile.html
	Update added_timestamp
		How? It's in added.log

Post profile
	Wording for instructions
	Decide on format
		Prefill Write
		Or
		Dedicated page

Profile page
	Fingerprint:
	Name:
	Creation Date:
	Posts:
	Voted:
	Votes Earned:
	Most Recent Action:

Add "via [sitename]" to pulled and pushed items

Sometimes generated keys have the header/comment field

The Meta refresh seems to be responsible for the scriptless links not turning color

Blank text files still cause problems

NN3 compatibility still needs some work

rebuilding everything twice is a good way of maintaining integrity

move csrf salt to config

forgot to add conversions to user pages

some pages (author pages?) are still in a different func

mod_security can interfere with some signed posts

it would be nice to cut down the posting time from 1-2 minutes to instant.

"create profile" should go to a prefilled textbox with profile template OR to a page to edit profile

Some of the buttons can probably be made full width
	To make them easier to press on mobile

Sometimes on Android the button push is cancelled by the keyboard retract
	Or something like that
		Load page
		Press Write
		Fill in message
		Press the "Post" button
			Expected: Posted
			Actual: First tab is usually ignored

#bug on edge: tag links change colors, but flag links do not



If only one page hide pagination buttons

Fix the vote/tag links
	Js: implement

Set Identity shou1d update the pub1i< key to <orrespond

curl
    add to tree
        add timestamp

Fix add time when .txt uploaded into tree manually
    All .txt
        added_time exists?
            No?
                Current time
                    save

textarea onchange
    begins with header?
        verify with openpgp
            green if valid

Validate signed input on Write page
    textarea onchange
        begins with header?
            verify signature with opengpg
                green if valid


Link target encryption key with parent id key using gpg --list-keys
	This way "Encrypted message for ..." is linked to the correct profile

Feeds list
	OPML

Text::Markdown?

Newly dropped text files should get their own added time.
	Adjust the sorting to be based on added time, then filesystem path
	Add an ./incoming dir for new textfiles that are manually copied?

Elaborate on setting up a dev environment
    Trisquel
    IntelliJ
    sqlite3
    lighttpd

Make gracias.html redirect to next drop from access.pl, which will contain any newly-added posts as a list.
	If there is only one post, automatically redirect to it
	Otherwise, "is this one of your posts?"
	Create IndexLogLine() in index.pl
	Create IndexParentLine() in index.pl

Add GetHashFromFile function
	To do what?

Make updates instant
	Make access.pl write to the index
	Hook calls to generate.pl

Make adding new views easier
Add support for linking sister sites
	Add list of sites in config(?)
	Add page
	List them all on page
	Add menu item for page

Add generation of default values to GetConfig
	Site name
	Site logo


Cookie auth via secret URL per public key, encrypted for that key
Tag hooks for the admin (via cookie auth?)
Tag ratings and enable/disable page
Integrate Perl taint
Use the full fingerprint for avatars for more colors
When writing new html dir, make a list of all existing files, and remove from hash when written to, then delete all others remaining in hash
Add CSRF token to reply form
Remove duplicate parent= footer
Add support for messages with multiple ENC_TOs
	Add loop
	Limit to 5? 10?
	List all of them on details page
Add support for public key included inside signed message
